This is good enough. So I'll do the request, and then Brooke… oh, there we go.
There you go. Okay.
Since I know that Steph has to hop off right at 1.30, should we, um, go directly to the budget portion of our agenda?
And I just want to say one thing regarding the… our monthly agendas.
I would love for it to be, me personally, more of a collaborative process.
Um, I… I do believe that now… Everyone should have editing access to everything that lives in the 2526 folder. I'm really sorry, I don't know why that has been so, like.
Such a sticking point for me, but I think everyone has editing access. So, you know, as we're leading into whenever our next exec meeting is.
Assume that I've put a draft in there, and as you think of things, put them in, then Brooke or I will go and clean it up and try to, you know, organize it in terms of prioritization, but it shouldn't just be me saying what I think should be on the agenda. Anyway.
Steph, Lee, it's… it's yours.
Thank you. Thank you for populating and having something for us to start with. It's great. It's awesome.
Yeah, and thanks for… I know, I feel like I'm in… sent you, like, 10 emails or something, Ellen, and I feel so bad about, like, can I edit this thing? It looks like it's all editable now, so…
I'll do. Okay.
I know that you're not just a control freak about, uh… like, but it can be Google…
Uh, drive can be very confusing.
I promise I'm not.
So, did you guys manage to talk to Dianthi this morning?
Tomorrow, so tomorrow we are.
Yeah, tomorrow.
Oh, okay, tomorrow, great. So, you know, she did explain to us the TA budget in our meeting yesterday. I said to her, there is no way that I can repeat this properly.
Very good.
To Lee and Stephanie, because it is so… Fucking convoluted the bureaucracy of the DOE. Sorry, sorry.
Um, so, you know, hopefully now that she will have explained it both to us and to you guys, we'll have collectively a better handle on this very strange.
Process. Um… But the net is… our $40,000 commitment rolling into this year remains.
Okay, okay. I was so hopeful that TNS was going to be, you know, contributing 15K or whatever it was she said. Okay.
Okay.
Yeah, yeah. Okay.
Um, so I… we haven't gotten a… Steph and I haven't gotten a chance to specifically talk about the agenda items. I'll try to…
as far as, like, 24-25, I think we're basically closed out. We're gonna… the rug cleaner that the teachers want, we can just…
put there, there was plenty of leftover money from the teachers' expenses. We started on a clean slate for 2025 and 20.
When he's 6, I'm really glad that they, you know, that's something that will help them.
Um, we have the sex ed bill… not that much, I think it's, like, 14… 1550, which I think is maybe less than we had budgeted, um, and it will get paid.
Yeah. Mm-hmm.
Sorry, I don't have the budget right in front of me. Is that… does anyone have it super handy?
I think I do, hold on. I don't know, I guess I closed it. Let me open it.
Um… So, let's see, for…
Great.
Health education, yeah, we had 3,900 budgeted, so… Yeah.
There's a new permission.
Huh, I wonder what that discrepancy is about. Maybe… maybe a note for a question for Dianthi tomorrow? Why did we think it was going to be close to 4 and we're only spending.
15?
The sexually smart, I think it's called. Okay. I forget.
It's like Lindsey Fram Consulting or something is the company.
Yeah, I mean, I think they might have based that off of previous years with a different company, um… Yeah. Although this one is actually smart, isn't it? Um…
Uh, okay.
Well, worth just a further clarification so that we can be as accurate as possible with what we've put into.
with this year's budget, yeah.
Okay.
But we're definitely going to use the same person from last year, she said, because everybody was happy with that, and… So on and so forth.
Okay, great.
Okay.
I'm just updating the budget with a note about that.
Did you guys send the, um, the reimbursement note to teachers?
Not… not quite yet, but it's… it's like… it's, like, basically there. We'll just, um, Steph's busy with…
WorkWorks this week, so…
Fantastic.
by, I think, easily by Monday, we should be able to get that out, and we'll touch base with Dancy about that in our meeting tomorrow.
Um, we know the October general meeting is…
Yeah.
Right.
budget-oriented, and we think that's likely to be an evening Zoom meeting, based on the alternating…
format.
Do you think it's great?
Yeah, I mean, we can discuss that here. It… it seems like it's something that is.
At a minimum, worth trying for one or two cycles. And then we can reevaluate.
Maybe we can put it to vote, but… enough voices have… have percolated with this.
Sure, yeah.
And it also seems like for that kind of meeting, a Zoom functions, because it's really your guys' meeting where you.
Yeah. Yeah.
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
Speak to the group, everyone can follow along with the screen. We're not doing this thing of, like, passing out weird small printouts that no one can read, like… It seems like a good candidate for a test run.
Okay.
Um, there's question about what the ideal time for that is. I think we just have to bite the bullet and pick a time, knowing that none of them are going to be great.
Because it's smack in the middle of… dinner, and bedtime, and bathing, and all of that.
Yeah. Yeah.
So maybe since it's a budget meeting. You guys can say whether you would prefer 6 to 7. 6.30 to 7.30, 7.30 to 8.30, Dianthi was clear that she really didn't want it to go past 8 o'clock.
Yeah.
And there might even be something with their union, because she basically said if it's after 8, her and the teachers won't be coming. Which… We want the teachers because it's PTA, or at teacher.
Yeah…
She doesn't have to be at all our meetings. But… yeah, but just something to keep in mind, yeah.
She does not.
Yeah. But it's helpful, especially for the budget meeting, because…
Yes.
You know, she can explain the convoluted DOE stuff that we can't explain, and people have questions about that, so… I would vote 6 to 7, myself.
Yeah. So, if you want to reflect on it for…
6 to 7?
But, um, at the same time, if people are doing after-school programs, then they're not picking up till 5.30, so maybe 6.30 to 7.30 would be… a better option, because that means people can get home in time.
Yeah.
Why don't we do 6.30 to 7 30? It's right smack in the middle of these.
To factors that kind of… affect us on either end.
Mm-hmm. Okay.
Okay, so 6.30 to 7.30. Um… Yeah, any… anything else specifically from you guys?
Um, that you need maybe more support on, or.
I don't think so, you know, I'm really just finding my feet right now, so it was…
Um…
just, like, a slow summer as far as that goes, so I, you know, it seems… I think I have a okay in getting an okay grasp on things, and…
Yeah, I don't know, Steph, do you… is there anything?
Yeah, I think most of my questions actually are for Diane. Could we… because we do… we need to pay this TA.
Bill, um, and we have to pay for studio in a school. There are things that we need to.
Pay for now. We haven't… I haven't seen an invoice for those things, so I need to just check in with her about payment for those things, because we need to get them out.
The door in order to have… in order to… you know, honor the contract.
We did get an update on Studio in a school, have her give you further update. The net of that.
Hmm…
Is we're probably getting further screwed here. There's a… Um, both a $10,000 grant and a $15,000 grant.
The $10,000 grant is built into, I guess this was my understanding, what Studio in a School has pretty much.
Historically always offered us, and that's directly related to the arts funding that CBOs get.
Okay.
That's been cut, they don't have that money. Further, we're not yet sure, and won't know until October whether we get that $15,000, which is a specific grant that principals apply for. She says, we've gotten it in the past.
We didn't get it last year. I'm hopeful we get it this year.
I don't know, won't know until October. There are two tiers of cost for Studio in a school. One is.
Basically 22, and 1 is basically 30K. Um, if we get nothing.
Mm-hmm.
Meaning, we don't get the 15, and we don't have the 10. We're fully on the hook for 22, which would be the shorter.
No, no, it was, like, 20… it was, like, 27. 22 was last year.
Yeah, 22 is last year, yeah.
Oh, sorry, so it's either 27 or 30. If we get the 15, then it's half of that cost, and we'd go for the higher… we'd essentially add 3 weeks of additional programming ad hoc.
Mm-hmm.
Given that we would have that additional $15,000. If we… if we don't get it, and what we are signing up for right now is the less expensive, which is 3 weeks.
Less of instruction. And that's 27.
Okay. All right, I'm just making a note in the budget, um.
Okay. So… hopefully we'll get this.
Um, principal discretionary grant for studio in a school. Um, so that we can retain the usual amount of instruction and a normal contract. If not.
Then we're on the hook for $27,000, and it's 3 weeks less of instructions.
Okay. Okay. All right.
Correct. Correct.
Um, as far as Friday goes, Lee, I can, you know, like.
Amplify, but I think the main deal for Friday is. Just, you know, saying who you are and what you… what you think.
The… the finance committee and the treasurer roles kind of cover.
Um, you know, why you think it's interesting and an important opportunity for parents to be involved in, and, like, short and sweet, and.
Upbeat… So fun and special.
Lee, if you want, um… If you want me to… if you want to, like.
Practice with me, or run anything by me, I'm happy to… I'm happy to help.
Okay, I'll let you know.
Um, okay.
I know, we were texting about it, I texted staff, I was like, uh, what is the… what is a… what is a finance committee, I think I said.
What the heck is a finance committee? I don't know.
I mean, ideally, ideally, you would have a handful of people on this committee, and you have a separate meeting with them once a month. They can be short, you know, they don't… maybe it doesn't have to be once a month.
It's… it's really up to you all, but the theory being that the more people have visibility into this.
The more, um… the more diffuse information, accurate information is, and… and the more we… we have a bench.
Forming for when… when people want to step down, which… They should.
Yeah. Yeah, okay.
Um, and, you know, maybe you can chat with Mario briefly about, like, his prior years and that, because did he do 4 years or 3 years?
I don't know, I think 3, but I'm not sure. Yeah, second.
And this is your second year stuff, or your third? Okay.
Mm-hmm.
Okay, well, I wanna… I wanna be mindful of… of your time, so if you… if you… don't want to say anything else budget-related, we can go on, so you can grab some… some other stuff. Up to you.
Um, let me just look, uh…
Yeah.
Yeah, I don't see anything else in the budget that I need to talk about.
Brooke, am I missing something from yesterday?
About budget? No, those are the big…
Yeah.
Could I actually do… I actually kind of do want to clarify the teaching assistants for a second, so… Right now, we have 40,000.
Yeah. Yeah.
But in the budget. Um… But… and I will learn more from Dianthi tomorrow, you don't have to explain all the details, but are we still… is $40,000 still accurate in the budget? Okay.
Okay.
Yes. Basically, basically what happened is. We didn't pay the full $40 last year.
Yeah.
The vendor, the intermediary vendor, because they're TAs, they don't go through.
This payroll, the DOE payroll, they go through another vendor. What was a different vendor?
Yeah. They go through an agency or something.
From another time, and they had a cap. They can't… can hold more than $25,000 at any given time, so essentially, the vendor-fronted.
Tns, that outstanding amount there, that's… 15, 16, whatever it is.
Am I explaining this?
You wired 40,000, right, Stephanie?
So, what were the payments that we made then last year? Because we… I wired 40,000, yeah.
Yeah. Partial. You wired… And then they return some, because their vendor can't accept more than $25,000 payments. So now they're.
Asking for that money back. They couldn't accept it, but we have to pay it.
Oh! That money didn't go back into our account, as far as I am…
So they… I went to some account Dianthi has, I think. So, they basically fronted us money to pay our teaching assistants from where, who knows?
Ah, okay.
But now they're… now they want to… now they want the money.
You make sure she takes you through each line of this process?
Okay. Okay. Uh, so then…
There's a new vendor now, so… Yeah. Yeah. There's a new vendor now, hopefully, that won't be a repeat thing, but yeah, it's just a quirky.
Again… Because they have a $50,000 cap or something.
Okay. Yeah, okay, alright.
It happened there.
Um, yeah, there's also the limitations our bank puts on us in terms of what we can wire, so then, you know, they need a certain amount of money by a certain amount of time, but we can only wire a certain amount of money, and we couldn't.
Right.
So, you know, we had to do it in smaller chunks and, like, every other day and stuff, so… Um, anyway, okay, well, we'll find out more.
Could you imagine having this conversation in a general PTA meeting?
Like…
We're never gonna… we're never gonna raise it. This does not leave this room.
No. No.
Nobody, please, ever raise it in a PTA meeting.
It would be horrible.
Okay, yeah.
But you will… you will then have a even more capillary grasp on this than we do based on our conversation, and maybe you can just, like.
Repeat it to us again next time. Uh, we talk.
Okay. Okay, sounds good.
Um. Okay. Um…
So I think that was my last question about budget.
So, obviously, we don't have Denise and… and Cara on here.
Um, but that'll be the cadence moving forward, that we always include both of them, and whoever the SLT.
Pta rep is, and that we put them at the top so that.
Um, then they can go. We should talk about the agenda for next week, and then I do want to address Kristen's note here and talk a little bit more about, like, teacher… Um, teacher-parent comes and stuff like that. So…
Um… if everybody wants to click over to the agenda and just… I… I wrote 3 things in there.
Um, one… one thing that I… One thing that I have been thinking about is the whole gratitude thing at the beginning.
It takes up so much time. And… I don't… I don't know, maybe we just reflect on it?
Doing something like saying, we're not doing that anymore, feels very, like, unilateral and UntNS-y. At the same time.
When we have a full house. It's, like, 15 minutes of the meeting.
It's a huge chunk of time. I think we definitely keep it in for the first meeting of the year, but I think going forward.
I mean, and no one retains, it's… I don't know. I think it takes up a lot of time.
How about we just, like, one word feeling? Hashtag… happy. Hashtag.
I like… I like that, James. I like that.
Just pick a… pick a word, and that's your word.
Introduce yourself, and give… give a feeling word. I love it. Great. Resolved.
Mm-hmm.
Um… Oh, Brooke, uh, we should have a note out to Liz.
Um… would you… would you like to speak about curriculum Night and Fall Family Celebration?
She still… is Liz still our… teacher rep? That's something we could… maybe I'll start there.
Don't know. Let's find out. Can you be on that?
Uh, yeah. Yeah. Uh, Liz is now my teacher, too, so… or my child's teacher.
Perfect, perfect. And maybe it's also the opportunity to bring up the idea that we'd like to keep this cadence of having one or two exec board and teacher.
Meet and greet, convo, casual get-together. We started that last spring with the teachers, Brooke and I.
It had been mentioned subsequent times after that, that it would be nice to extend it to the whole exec board, and that doing this.
Once or twice a year, really kind of… lets them all know who we are, and there are more than one person who maybe they can come to and…
Uh, voice… Um, things that they might not voice via the… the teacher rep and the PTA general meetings, which is how that whole thing was born, feeling like.
We'd give the teachers an opportunity to say something at the PTA meetings, and they wouldn't.
Yeah. Okay.
Um, so as far as, like, the quote-unquote PTA report for the… for the meeting, what do you guys think about these being the things to hit?
Yeah, I think a real… I think… really spending time on the committee updates, like, what they are, how people can be involved, just kind of educating people of what opportunities.
Exist, um. Tatiana shared something with me, actually, from her kid's middle school, which was a Google form, just like, what are your.
Interest in volunteering or skills. To… I was thinking maybe sending that after the breakfast or after the PTA meeting, just to capture more people.
Who maybe don't show up to the meetings. How they want to be involved, and just, like, more… keep saying, like, these are the opportunities, these are…
The committees, and this is what they do, just to kind of get people who don't necessarily speak up or sign up or attend things, but might want to help.
Yeah, I think what was nice about that book was, like, it…
was more expansive of your skill set than you might think
could apply, and so it, like, opened… it's like, oh wait, I do this, and that will apply some… so it's just…
Yes.
It's like, oh, I can't… I can't… I don't have any cash to give, or, you know, it, like, really expanded…
what skill sets could be applicable to supporting the school.
Yeah, I liked it a lot.
I'm sorry, I'm eating, by the way.
Definitely.
You're allowed.
Um, I was thinking about more ways to share that community database where people can say.
Maybe adding a column? So it's not just your occupation, but it's maybe changing it altogether from occupation to.
Skills. What are your skills?
Yeah.
Yeah. If somebody wants to just… change that, go for it. I mean, we have, like, 5 people in that document.
Or both. I mean, I think both… both things are relevant, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, occupation, skills. Whatever people want to fill in.
For interests, also.
True, yep, yep. Skills and hobbies.
Yeah. Skills and interests.
This sounds very Napoleon Dynamite, I just wanted to put that out there.
I haven't seen that movie in so long, I cannot… I think I need a budget.
Gotta have ninja skills, horseback riding skills, nunchuck skills…
Like, nunchucks, kills… Sportline skills…
Gotta have skills.
Um… I do think that we want to mention.
The… the October meeting being dedicated to budget, that, um, it'll… we'll have two budget.
Dedicated meetings in the year, one in the fall, one in the spring.
And, I mean, we should say that October will be an attempt at.
An evening Zoom meeting, and… Um, I mean, like, I'm a little worried that that could…
Result in, you know, a bunch of… Well, why this, and why not that, and whatever, and…
Um, maybe the way to kind of, like. Hold that conversation is.
We're gonna try it like this. So that we can give people for whom the morning is not.
Available, an opportunity to participate. And we'll report back to you. We'll… we'll… we'll tell you what the…
You know, what the participation was versus… are, like, highest level of participation in a morning meeting.
We're gonna try it. We're not saying it's gonna be this way forever. We're gonna try it.
Yeah, I think giving it a couple months to try is good, and then we can really have a little bit.
Of data, because this is something people ask about forever, and we tried and quickly walked it back when no one showed up, but that doesn't mean… I mean, that was years ago, things changed, so… We'll see. Yeah.
Right, right. Um, I… I do think that…
We should bring up the fall family. We're calling it the Fall Family Fling. Originally, it was Friendsgiving, Fall Family Fling.
Um, to sort of start setting the stage, because it is our biggest.
Event of the fall, and it's our first one, and the more people are involved, the more fun and the better it will be.
We'll mention it on Friday as well. And, you know, I think… I think we have to put forth, like.
The… the positive aspect of it, we're streamlining so that we can be focused, and it… People can have a good time hanging out together and not feel too strained by trying to organize 50 different things. We're not trying to.
Like, um… deny an experience, but to make it a better experience.
Yeah, and to make it fun.
So, the idea is basically everything that I bullet-pointed there. And, you know, um… to… to allow for the eventuality that somebody says, well, what about…
The card-making booth, and what about story time, and I think the line is.
Those were so wonderful last year. And if you would like to… spearhead story time, or card making, we would love for you to.
Let us know. Um…
Sounds great.
Questions, comments, concerns on that?
I think that's really great and smart, because, you know, at these meetings, everyone loves to have an idea, like, oh, it'd be great if we did this.
Which means, like, without any intention of them actually doing all the lift, so I think it's really good to kind of say, these are the things we are doing.
And if people are like, oh, it was really fun when we have this, people really like it, then yeah.
Oh, speaking of great ideas that we don't plan on executing, I need someone to help me with this original works thing, and putting together packets.
Because I'm kind of on my own now with this, and uh… I don't want the same thing that happened last year to happen this year.
I'm hoping so.
Putting together packets, what do you mean by this?
So, like, the thing that Amy wanted to do, like, with the, like, take home, do the art, they uploaded your grandparents can buy it, and the school gets the money.
Uh-huh.
Um, like, we signed up for it last year, she said, wouldn't it be great? I kind of felt like a little violentold, just because I was over.
Great word.
Events and fundraising, so I was kind of roped in, but… we couldn't lose, so I said, why not? But then I ended up doing all of the collating, and I'm like, okay…
Just because I'm the one that doesn't have anywhere to go, I'm stuck with the work.
Oof.
And, uh, and then it was last minute, too, because the package got lost, because it was just me and her keeping an eye out for it.
And so we were already behind a week, because they had to resend it, so that was the missed opportunity to get it to everyone in time for us to.
Uh, be able to sell it. So we get in front of it early, we should be good.
And this is, like, scanning… This is, like, scanning stuff and stuff like that.
James?
Yeah, like, where the kid does an art. We put it in the packet, mail it, and then it gets uploaded to a website, and Grandma can buy a coffee mug.
Yeah. Okay.
Featuring it, or whatever they have, like toilet seat, or whatever your art goes on.
I'll help you, James, this… this year.
This might be a good way to get someone
Let's… and let's get some…
Let's get nuke… let's get new people, let's get some new people in here.
Yeah, like, this is, like, a good thing for someone who just…
Thank you. It's just for collating and dropping off.
like, stapling packets, like, hang out in the PTA room if you're nervous about, like, volunteering for some big thing, like, get to know people.
It's low, low lip.
And they'll get helpers. They'll be 5th graders who can help drop the packets off, and Denise will let us use the.
Like, office supplies. So, it takes one day.
But it's really cool. And they're, like, great presents, and I think that if you get a helper or two, and maybe you just make that your focus, like…
You know, as VPs of community building and fundraising. People involved with us can spearhead really simple and discreet things, like original works.
Here's what you would have to do to make it happen, and I'll bring Zeno's.
Estimated time commitment, 3 hours. Like, I know exactly how long it takes.
Ranking magnet. Yeah, and we can make $1,000.
Yeah. Minimum.
Yeah, I was gonna say that the thing we made, according to the budget, $920 last year off of it, so…
And that was when we half-assed it, so we should at least be able to do $1,500 off of this, because we got extra materials for getting on early. I made sure that I beat the deadline.
And we should be getting the packet in the mail any minute. So I need to let Agent Jackson know.
That we have something special coming that didn't make it last year.
So, get extra eyes on it.
Perfect. So you… you already know the two things that you have to say on Friday.
Yeah.
And I need… I need tech… techies to be involved with the website and help Denise and Diane.
Yeah, so I need to get back up with Alejandro regarding that. I haven't wanted to, just because it doesn't… deliver value right now. It's not putting money in our pockets, so I've been kind of, like, dragging my feet on it, but…
Better, like, earlier than later, I guess. Because we're gonna be busy soon.
Um, as far as the agenda for Tuesday, anything else that.
People want to flag, oh, Kristen, I think… I think it would be important for you in.
You know, the discussion on committees. To reiterate class parents, I think now, for the next couple of weeks, it's… it's…
Talking about what class parents do. Um.
Oh, I want to say, who has an HR department that does corporate matching?
Yeah, say that.
We need to get on that ASAP before the deadline.
Um, so I'll put corporate matching here.
You know that we only have about a dozen people on a monthly.
Sustainership on Zephy? That doesn't mean that we don't have lots of people who contribute, you know, make one-time donations at different times, but.
I think really pushing the idea that you can sign up for $5 a month, it's the cost of.
12 people total?
A coffee, and… 12 people total in a rolling 12-month period who have monthly sustaining memberships.
Okay, I'm guessing a few of them are here, I don't know, but… I mean, I do it, I don't know.
You guessed correctly, Sarah.
Yeah. Yeah. No, we can definitely get…
Yes. But… The good news is, um.
Right. Jeez.
Before, when we had monthlies with Constella, it would reset every year.
Right. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So these are… I looked, and they're still going. So that's good. That's really good. We don't have to, like, re-engage people like we used to. So we just need to add some more, and yeah.
Yeah, stressing that, um. You can do a really low amount.
I don't think that we should shy away from saying the ideal amount. Yes.
I think it's good.
It is $600 for the year. Sorry, that's the number. We didn't make it up. These are what these three fixed things cost, and if we want to sustain those.
Yeah.
This is more or less what it works out to per family.
But if he can't do 600, and he can do 50, do that.
Yeah, right, exactly.
Don't do nothing, because you can't do 600.
But if you can do 600, then that… we would want that. And this is what it goes towards. In order to accomplish these things for your child, we have to have this much money.
Which breaks out to this much per person.
I think we should say $50 a month… $50 a month seems less scary than $600 a year.
But if you could do 50, you could do 75, that means you're holding back.
Perfect. That's… that's for when you get… that's for when you get them on the phone, James.
James, I love this!
Oh, you're on a fixed income? Well, can you do 40.
It might be that the majority are here in the room, to be honest. I looked at it recently,
James, we might need you to emcee a live auction in the spring. I'm gonna start thinking about this.
Yeah, this is, like, when people have a few drinks in them.
I like this.
Do you know that I used to do telemarketing? So, I would be great at this. That's my hidden talent, my skill is, uh… call center, calling people on a fixed income and asking them to donate to the families of officers who were killed in the line of duty.
Um, yeah, so I'm good at that. I can get some money out of some old folks easily.
Wow.
Right.
Um, let's talk… teachers and… and…
Class parents, Grace mentioned to me yesterday that, quote, the teachers haven't seen this document, Kristen. I did reiterate to Denise yesterday, I was like, oh, did you… were you able to send it to the teachers?
And she said, oh, can you send it back to me? So I sent it to her again, but I don't think that should preclude you from.
You know, sharing it yourself, and introducing yourself, honestly.
No, I've been sending your own note to the teachers and saying.
Wait, sorry, you mean sharing it at the… at the…
This is what I'm focusing on, this is who I am, this is this document that I put together to help parents understand.
What we think a class parent is, feel free to use it however you see fit.
And if you're having a hard time getting a class parent.
Okay.
Okay. I didn't know we were, like, allowed to do that.
Let me help you.
Just, like, email the teachers? Is that, like, okay, or…? Okay.
Oh, yeah, yeah, definitely.
I mean, yeah.
But one thing, and this is just anecdotal because it's just in my family.
Okay.
But Felicia's mom does not like to donate via Zephy because she feels like she is subsidizing other people's grandchildren, and she wants to contribute to her grandchild's class.
We tried to explain to her that this is how it works, but in her mind, she wants it to go to the people she thinks that, like any other non-profit, we're gonna waste all of it on an admin overhead, and only $10 are gonna go to the kids.
You can also make your own landing page on Zephy that can say whatever you want.
I think we need to emphasize that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, like, like…
Can't you manage that messaging, James, internally?
Oh, I can do that? Oh, I did not know that. That's the place for it to go.
Yeah. And then send it to her with any… yeah.
Yeah.
The other thing is, I…
So we need a Q&A on the Zephy page. I've got one already made. I can just copy and paste it. I'll send you a link.
Yeah, great. Let's…
The one thing that I was gonna say was, like, maybe we… we try to be in front of the camp thing this year, and we encourage.
The… the two threes and 4-5s to… you know, we can help them, say, we can… we can set up a separate.
Fundraiser that is strictly for… Um, for… for camp funds to… to help people who… who can't pay the full amount.
Um… So then you can tell your mother-in-law while you're helping, you know.
You're helping the cost of campus. Anyway, that's… that's a little weedy.
But still, like, there's others like her that feel the same way, just like, I'm not donating to them, I'm donating so my child can have a better experience, and… I think that it should be corrected that we have zero admin overhead. We are not a.
Corporation. We're not Susan G. Coleman. Like, we… it's going directly to the school.
All of it, yeah. Yes.
I see, Kristen, that you said about, um… you know, restocking snacks in the teacher lounge.
I think… why not just list that in the class parent thing? Like.
Also, communicating with, um. With teachers who do the snack schedule for the whole class, or I guess that's, like, everybody except for.
The pre-kindergarten and first grade bands? Where, you know, you're assigned a weekly snack. All this to say, they get leftovers as the year accumulates, so maybe just, like, occasional reminders to the class parents.
If… if you have, like, a buildup of leftover snacks in your child's classroom, you can bring some to the teacher's lounge.
Um. That they're short.
Yeah. But it might happen.
Oh, okay. Yeah.
Does that ever happen? I feel like it's always that they're short, short… I just… maybe Bake Squad could donate, like, ex… you know, leftovers from…
That's good to remember, yeah, for Big Squad, and for our, like, the breakfast and these things like that, we should just be bringing them up there when we're done.
Totally, totally.
Yeah, exactly. I almost feel like if we're gonna do that, maybe just, like, leftovers? I'm just like… Or if someone just feels like making something, they have, like, a place to…
Bring it in, or… yeah, Roman's grandma wants to donate something specifically to, like, the teacher, you know?
His teacher, and they can go in there, I don't know, I just feel like it's just… another thing.
And then put the… if we got an Amazon wish list, that's a good place for that.
Yeah.
Yeah, I think, um, when Tatiana brought that up to me, she wasn't sure if it was feasible, but she was thinking, like.
More like a set schedule in which, like, each class donates something.
Um, I feel like my perspective is, I'm like, that would be nice, but we also have all of these other things.
Yeah, I agree.
So… Yeah.
It seems… it seems low… lower priority, but I don't think that means that it can't be included in kind of your regular comms, so that.
Right. Anything. Mm-hmm.
It's pinging people, like, oh, we had… we had a class celebration, and we have all of these baggies of… pretzels left over, bring them to the teacher's lounge. I think saying that kind of stuff is good.
Mm-hmm. Okay, cool.
Um… I know there… there are some, like.
Tech things that we need to discuss. About passwords.
And the printers and the copiers, I don't know if we want to get too weeded in that right now, but… Um, uh…
More or less, I can't remember if I said it to you, Sarah or Malia, more or less, that's the deal with what we can do, or maybe Lee.
And Denise and everyone in the office are super cool, especially if you give them a heads up. Hey, I'd like to.
Run some copies, they'll show you, or I can do it one day, show you how to use the copiers, but.
Anything that we want to do in color, we have to do outside. They don't want us to do it there.
And, you know, we have… we have those kind of office expenses budgeted, um.
I personally don't think that that should come out of our pockets. If you… if you feel like you want to donate that at some point, that's fine, but… But we should ask for reimbursement for those things.
Um, and James… Can we access the printer directly from our phones and computers if we're on the school Wi-Fi?
So that was on the to-do list, is for me to send a printout to every single printer that we have available.
And to see where it goes, because they don't have a mapping.
Go ahead. Okay.
Of how to print. Nobody knows how to do it, and so I have to kind of figure that out myself.
Okay.
Um, but I'll get on it, and uh… like, next time I go to the PTA room, I'll just try to print and see what happens, and…
I'll leave a note that says, hey, if you find this and I don't find you.
Email Jane for… email PTA President and let me know where this ended up.
I really do already feel like you have a lot of things on your plate. Let's not worry about the printing.
Oh, that ain't even the priority either. I haven't even gotten to the priority.
No, no, no, no, no, it's not the website, it is the list of, uh.
Yeah, which is the website. Or getting you…
Donors that we need to go through with our nonprofit paperwork and apply to.
And it's also, like, sponsorship letters from Trader Joe's, and Whole Foods, and all of these local.
Corporations that we should just be handing a letter to. Because they do donation matching for volunteers that are employees, all these different programs for community outreach.
And we haven't even spoken to him.
Maybe… maybe, um, you and Malia and me and Brooke. Can find a time between, you know, now and the end of the month.
And the four of us kind of talk about how. To help you two divide and conquer, and what to stay focused on for a chunk of time.
Yeah, I'd love that.
Let's do that.
Cool. So I've got this, like, work project that I'm working on, and it involves scraping, uh.
Data that's not public from competitor websites, but I have an unlimited supply of scraping credits, so I use them for donorIQ.com to get a list of.
All of the donors in New York City, Manhattan, that are contributing to educational nonprofits.
And we can just go through that list and then see what they require to apply, and then the low-hanging fruit, get that first.
That's great.
And that's the lowest hanging fruit, is corporate.
Yeah. And that can be the thing that you're focusing on, and Malia, maybe we make, like, a little map of.
Yeah.
Cool. Yeah, I'd love that.
Sort of collateral needed for the next handful of things, and… Um.
It's amazing. Dirk James.
So I know they're gonna want, like, Form 990 for the last 3 years. I know they're gonna want our determination letter from the IRS.
Our EIN, they're gonna want either audited financials or budgeted… or budget statements, board of directors list, and… char 500, I guess that's New York State Charitable Registration.
In order for us to fly?
Uh, sounds like that's all docs that should live somewhere with the treasurers, right?
Yes.
Treasurers slash… yeah, yeah. Give them… give them the… the complete list.
Yeah, so me and Stephanie can go over the list and then see what the bullet points are, and I've already got, like, uh… like a… like, empty templates where we could just plug in corporation names and our names, and then just either drop it off by hand, or…
Mail it to corporate, however the best way is.
This is going backwards for a second, but about this meeting of the teachers and us.
When do we feel like might be an appropriate time to broach that, slash suggest it might happen?
Let's just casually ask the teachers what they think. And then there, you know.
Like, they always have strong opinions.
Okay. Okay. Maybe… maybe you… you pepper that in your communication to Liz, and I'll see what Grace says when.
I'll ask her about that.
Wait, what meeting with teachers?
Um, kind of having one or two times in the year where the exec board and the teachers.
Got it.
Hang out and chat. So the first one is, like, meet and greet, and under the guise of, okay, these are the new exec board members, and the second one is kind of like.
Hey, we're almost through the year, how… what… what are recurring themes? What's… what's the biggest.
Thorn in your side.
And that's something that they, like, want, right? Okay.
Yeah, or issues. I think it's good for them to know who we are, you know, so they… They can use us, you know? Yeah.
Well, they did, yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, no. Makes sense. Yeah.
And our general sense of doing it last year was that it was very positive.
You know, there's always this… Brooke and I thought that we were going into something a little bit more casual. It wound up being everyone seated at a long table in the library, and it was very much about, um.
What's the curriculum? Thank you.
Eo. I basically wanted to unload about EL and share what they were frustrated with, and, like, we could… I didn't feel that we had.
Anything objectionable to do, but I think it was even there, just knowing that we listened and cared and kind of know what they're up against, you know?
And I do think that for our body. It was really cool to sit down with the entire staff, and for the two of us to walk away and say.
Man, we have a really solid, competent, impressive group of adults.
Who are, you know, teaching our children, and to have that experience on your skin then gives you more authority.
To talk to parents who are like, how come blah blah blah happened? And you're like, well, you know, these are really thoughtful people.
Yeah.
Um, what else? In our last 10 minutes.
Just a quick question for Friday's meeting. I just wanted to kind of go through what I have on my list for printouts that might be needed.
Yeah. Yeah.
I have the, uh, printouts of the What's Up for the Full Year.
Um, I know we were waiting on a couple of dates there, but should I just print that file as is, and then…
Okay.
I think so, because will you just… will you just scan over it and make sure that… Like, it's… it's clear where anything is TBD, that it's… it's in red, or there's a question mark, or, like, people know this isn't set in stock.
Cool. Yeah, great. And then I'll do the WhatsApp September, specifically.
And then, um, a new flyer for our monthly fundraising, even $5. I'll run a draft by you all for…
Yeah, I was thinking having the Zephy QR code and the… Should we just do this FEQR code?
Try to keep everything in Zephy that's, like, regular donations, and Venmo is more.
Right.
Um, and then…
One-offs, and yeah, because literally, if we can be saying those words and holding up a sign for people to scan, I think it's… They may not do it, but…
Yeah. I think they might, yep.
Dr. Adjins.
Oh, that was on my mind, sorry to interrupt. So, the PTA bulletin board needs that same as F-Q-R.
Okay. I can handle that, too.
So, yeah, I mean, I really want to do a whole, like, Pinterest-style, like, um… like, here's all of the info about the PTA, here's our…
Uh, PTA executive, uh, roster. Um, and here's where you can go for resources. Like, just kind of make it, this is what's happening at the school coming up, so they can be aware of it.
That's a really good idea.
You know.
Can we add that to our hangout list? Because I think that would be really fun to do. I'm happy to take that one on, James, and maybe we can brainstorm.
what all… but I agree, I think that information is…
is nice to just have available all the time, year-round.
Yeah. Yeah.
Star Academy has it already. We just copy theirs and make it, like, 10% better.
Denise does have a huge poster maker. Lee and I, mostly Lee, I think, helped her set it up last year. I can't imagine we can't use it, like, once or twice for something.
That's awesome, yeah, okay, cool.
Let's do that. Can everybody send Malia a little… uh… headshot?
a headshot, and even, uh, like, a three-sentence bio, some, you know, like, who you are.
Um, your child is, what your role is,
Yeah.
Some… and a fun fact, I don't know, like, whatever. It doesn't have to be, like, a…
Yeah, yeah, perfect.
Okay.
So I kind of already made something like this, Malia. I'll send it to you, and it's got everybody's headshot on there, but it's outdated, so you just have to swap out a few.
Perfect. You can even pull… I think that those, um, bios?
But you can pull a sentence or two from the, um… what's it called?
from last… end of last year's, um…
Yeah. Okay, I will look there first.
The bylaws.
Oh, no, it wouldn't be in the bylaws.
Yeah. Right, right.
Well, wait a minute, that information is like whenever we were putting our bios for when we were running for the position, we had to come up with a quick blurb, so just something shorter than that would be great.
Yeah, exactly.
Exactly. Exactly.
Great.
Um, I think… I think for Friday, that's… it, Malia, and then we have… we have everyone on the different things that need to be brought, um…
Great, and Brooke, did you need help with printing for the individual committee sign-up pages?
I mean… Sure, I mean, if it's… if you're printing, it's trivial.
I'm printing stuff anyway, so… yeah.
Yeah.
You have it from last year, right, Brookie? Like, you can just… Yeah.
Sure, that'd be great. Yeah. Uh, yeah, actually, to find them. We… yeah, we have the sheets last year, so they're probably in a drive, but not…
Organize, like, how everything is organized now, but I'll find those and send them.
Cool. And then I'm happy to get those printed as well.
We're getting there.
Of course.
Thank you so much. Sign out, sign up.
Yum.
I got two dozen and a half bagels. That… I… does that seem like too much? Too little?
I told him… I told him to cut them in half.
Not too much.
Cream cheese. It's probably fine.
Yeah.
Cut them in half. Yeah, great.
Um, okay.
Great.
This was my first time!
There's tons more to talk about, but…
Great! No, this is good. Now…
The theme for the breakfast in the first PTA meeting is.
Good vibe?
This is fun! This is me want to join, and do, and help, and, you know, it's helpful, and… Yeah.
Yes. Yes. And it's not like we need to force ourselves to say that. We genuinely do have fun, it's just also stressful.
It is, but I do feel like before, this current group, there was a lot of, like.
Talking about how awful and hard everything was, it's just like, this is not going to get people on board.
No, and we're already organizing our first, like, exec board happy hour get-together.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Or whatever, matcha tea drinking session, whatever it needs to be.
Yes, I'll… yes.
No, I think… I think that we, without effort, will put out that.
Yeah.
This… this is something that is enriching for both us and for our children, and… there's… there's no amount of contribution that is too small, and…
There… there are lots of ways to do it. Um, and Dianthi's gonna give us a little rah-rah with our numbers, also, because, you know, we've got.
Two full 3K and pre-K classes. We didn't have to close a classroom.
We have a brand new science teacher, who she's very excited about, there's.
Yeah.
There's good energy for the start to the year.
Yay!
All right. Yay, go well! Go us!
Great! Woo! Eleanor, this is, like… I've been on the PTA board for, like, 5 years, I think, or something. This is, like.
Heads and shoulders more organized than anything has ever been, so… we're in good… we're in good shape. These are great.
Alright, yay!
Yay! Um, someone just sent me the… the transcript from this.
And then… I think James did it. I don't know. Like, the recording, or whatever.
Recording?
The last time I did… so, whenever you get it, Brooke, just forward me the email, and then I will transcribe it, if it doesn't already have one in there.
Cool. I'll just need to find out where the recording's saved to, because I don't think I've done that before, but… Oh, great, perfect. I'll forward it to you guys.
It should email you after the meeting at the… Yeah. Also, I think we should buy one of these accounts.
Oh, was there something?
And before I forget, we need to set up a Google Voice number before that.
Two-factor requirement kicks in, so that way we can all have access to the code, but we'll talk about it later.
I just needed to get that out there.
Okay.
Okay. You guys discussed that on Tuesday, and make sure that it doesn't comport me buying an iPhone, which is…
No, no, no, no. We'll all be able to have access to it. You can just log into the PTA pro… well, shit, you can't log in. Oh.
Turning to James what needs to happen.
Never mind, let me go back to the drawing board.
Thanks, everyone.
Okay.